realms and we'll be doing is what I'll
be doing a lot of my content on and a
lot of other cool stuff on today I am
just so when you really what it is do a
lot of people don't really know it is
not a mod or plugin it is a an actual
thing in Minecraft it was in the update
so normal normal people you might have
noticed don't have the realms up here
like you probably don't
wow that it's lagging because I'm
recording right now I'll fix that and
then says minecraft realms up here this
is the page for it and then if you
someone invites you to one this is what
the invitations are and then what is
realm that takes you to the website and
then this is my server it's open server
you know people in it right now because
I tell people not to get in it really
early because they can grief without me
saving it and then if you click on it
wow this is really laggy when do I sell
the person the owner of the server's
head goes right to the left of it which
i think is really cool and then it says
their name right here I don't know if
you can see my mouse and then there's
one man early summer description because
you make alliances but what's a long
story but I tried like when I first got
it well anyway one more very important
thing about this you can't put plugins
in it so it's all like has to be vanilla
enough texture packs and stuff but it's
vanilla minecraft so you can't like have
mods in it or anything and then you
can't actually buy realms yet you can
only have it if you went to mine con
2013 and there's swag bags they gave out
there were these cards with codes on
them
Mojang codes that were like the same as
a gift code except it gives you capes in
these servers and stuff if you try to
collect by realm
it says realms is currently in alpha is
not available publicly so yeah and then
it has the website so you click
configure on the server if you own it
you can't do this if you're disinvited
and if you want to be invited to the
server um I think eventually Emeth mice
if eventually um I might start uh making
people like pay a tiny amount of money
to join to still open it up if um whoa
all right what happens if you if you
have to if it gets released and you have
to start paying to be in it like pay to
have one I'll make like a dollar fee for
unlimited access like little things like
that so I might have enough money to
keep buying it if I don't all I just
have to like shut it down I have friend
that just give me the money
if they that play on this so then if you
get invited to the server here your name
and your head shows up I don't have that
many people invited right now only like
ten now I don't know how much the
super-cold I've held at least 12 people
in it and it was lagging not at all I
mean it wasn't liking at all
so yeah back the buttons look really
cool and then so this is how many people
in line if it's offline or not and then
yeah click on it
it's act it's actually the server's been
oh yeah and there's also this new
pixelation for loading the realm it's
not the same the server went away ah
yeah like that there's no mods or
plugins and when I first got it I liked
like oh this is laggy I quit my normal
server so I could uh use this instead
you didn't have to pay for it well this
is very laggy I'm gonna tone some of my
stuff down I actually already recorded
this video once but because it was so
lucky I'm doing it again I've been like
bare minimum I'll put it on oh and by
the way you can only change
difficulty in settings so that doesn't
really matter and then video settings
fast render distance I'll put that
really low use I normally because
normally a realm is a lot faster than a
normal server it's just you know I'm
going to turn clouds off that helps
because it's a lot longer than normal
server fee that's run by Mojang it's
actually the servers are run by Amazon
but all the stuff hood run by Mojang
it's kind of weird that on my Amazon all
right so anyway me charger fan 31 and
one other person made this very big like
little town City thing here well I'm
going to really need to fix this I'm
going to do a let's play series on
resetting the Roman on a new map because
uh this map we already built a ton on so
I'd be like hard to just pick up random
let's play with all this stuff build so
I'm really going to be I'm just going to
probably reset it but wow if my friends
agree to let me delete this one which I
doubt they will I'm still just gonna do
it anyway though I'll start at the last
play and I'll probably record some time
today if I fix the recording flag issue
so I'll show you how to reset it in all
the maps you can reset it to because in
this that world there's actually a very
large city in tons of Easter eggs all
around the map somewhere and there we
just really far away to build our town
so when you click minecraft rooms and
you can figure it there is a place where
you can click reset realm so this will
permanently delete your realm oh well
so my friends probably won't let me
oh they feel like they really won't want
me to do that
well then let's say you can type in a
seed in select template which is really
cold it does it's different like
adventure maps you can do and stuff
what's weird it's completely when I made
it there were only two options
it was City in parkour what's the city
map isn't even available anymore
so there's cake defense to block sources
on bees walls which is really fun
probably actually going to play some
minigames in put them up to walls FiOS
belief I don't want to fight it sweet I
don't really know it obviously is but -
a doom I don't know who dragged nose is
spellbound Keith by vechs herobrine's
are turned by hypixel Oh that'll be fun
prolly I might do a video like doing the
walls for sure I'm going to do that one
and I'm probably going to do a lot of
these like that I'm going to be doing a
lot of realms stuff in my videos if I
can figure out like right now I'm just
using a like max like pre-installed
gross screen recorder but that's
obviously not working very well flagging
stuff so yeah so yeah that concludes my
first video bye